updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16492)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/wcf/wcf-data-services-client-library.md

  
 The two main classes of the client library are the <xref:System.Data.Services.Client.DataServiceContext> class and the <xref:System.Data.Services.Client.DataServiceQuery%601> class. The <xref:System.Data.Services.Client.DataServiceContext> class encapsulates operations that are supported against a specified data service. Although OData services are stateless, the context is not. Therefore, you can use the <xref:System.Data.Services.Client.DataServiceContext> class to maintain state on the client between interactions with the data service in order to support features such as change management. This class also manages identities and tracks changes. The <xref:System.Data.Services.Client.DataServiceQuery%601> class represents a query against a specific entity set.  
  

>  This section describes how to use client libraries to access and change data from a .NET Framework client application. For more information about how to use the WCF Data Services client library with a Silverlight-based application, see [WCF Data Services (Silverlight)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/). Other client libraries are available that enable you to consume an OData feed in other kinds of applications. For more information, see the [OData SDK](https://www.odata.org/developers/odata-sdk/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This section describes how to use client libraries to access and change data from a .NET Framework client application. For more information about how to use the WCF Data Services client library with a Silverlight-based application, see [WCF Data Services (Silverlight)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/). Other client libraries are available that enable you to consume an OData feed in other kinds of applications. For more information on OData SDK, see the Sample Code  section of the [OData: Ecosystem](https://www.odata.org/ecosystem/).
```
